Changes from earlier versions of event scheduling for DayCent:

1.  Scheduling is done on a weekly basis and events are displayed in the grid
based on the current week of the month.  The grid displays 12 months of
information, for week 1 or week 2 or week 3 or week 4 or week 5.  When
scheduling CROP, HARV, FERT, CULT, OMAD, IRRI, GRAZ, EROD, FIRE, TREE, and
TREM events you will be asked to enter a day of the month for the event to
occur.  If the day of the month does not fall within the currently displayed
week the grid will be re-drawn for the week in which the event is scheduled to
occur.  All months have 5 weeks, with the exception of February.  Weeks are as
follows:
     week 1 - days  1 - 7
     week 2 - days  8 - 14
     week 3 - days 15 - 21
     week 4 - days 22 - 28
     week 5 - days 29 - 30 or 29 - 31 depending on current month

2.  Use the following commands to step through the scheduling grid:
     GOWK - change to the given week, 1-5 except in February which has valid
            weeks of 1-4
     GOMT - no change to the functionality of this command
     GOYR - no change to the functionality of this command
     NXWK - change to the next week, 1-5 except in February which has valid
            weeks of 1-4, when the week at the end of the month is reached
            NXWK changes to week 1 of the next month, when you get to the last
            week of December of the last year in the block NXWK will take you
            to the first week of January of the first year of the block
     NXMT - same as NEXT command in earlier versions of DayCent_event100
     NXYR - no change to the functionality of this command

3.  New system commands:
     NXWK - See above
     NXMT - See above
     GOWK - See above
     DRWD - Draw the grid displaying the day of the month the event is
            scheduled to occur in place of the event mnemonic
     CMNT - Add/edit an optional comment for the schedule file

4.  Use the PREV command to view the scheduling listed with the day of the
year values displayed.

5.  Comments are now permitted at the start of a DayCent schedule file.  These
comments can be up to 25 lines of 78 characters per line.  Use the new CMNT
command to add or edit schedule file comments.

NOTE:  When DayCent reads the scheduling information from the schedule file it
       is assuming non-leap years.  This can cause a problem when events are
       scheduled for the first day of the month for months following February.
       For example, events scheduled for days 182, 213, and 244, the first day
       of July (month 7), August (month 8) and September (month 9)
       respectively in a non-leap year, will occur in the last week of June
       (month 6), July (month 7), and August (month 8) respectively in a leap
       year.  However, since we are assuming non-leap years when creating the
       schedule of events, day 182 is scheduled as occurring in July (month
       7), day 213 is scheduled as occurring in August (month 8), and day 244
       is scheduled as occurring in September (month 9) by the model when
       reading the schedule file.  This causes a problem in the leap year
       because the event scheduled for day 182 is scheduled for month 7 but in
       the leap year day 182 occurs in month 6.  Since we never meet the
       condition of day 182 occurring in month 6 in the leap year the event
       scheduled for this day does not occur in the leap year.  To prevent
       this type of problem from occurring schedule your events for the second
       day of the month for months following February, 183, 214, or 245 in the
       example above.  This day will occur in the first week of the month in
       both a leap year and a non-leap year.
